#summary Using CING as a virtual appliance

= *JUST FOR INTERNAL USE FOR NOW, SORRY* =

= Introduction =

Installing CING with can be a hassle because it can use a lot of components. 
Using VirtualCing (VC) you get all required -and many optional- plugins in one go.

= Installation =

  * Install VMware 3.1 (or later) (VMware Fusion on Mac, or the free VMware Player for Windows or Linux). 
Your computer (host) must be pretty high end, specifically your processor must support virtualization of VirtualCing (guest)
  * Ask Geerten or Jurgen for the local download URL. Probably something like http://nmr.cmbi.ru.nl/xxx/yyy/VC.tgz 
  * Unzip the archive. 
  * Open VC with VMware.
  * In VirtualCing (inside VMware) you will be logged in as super user 'i'. You shouldn't need the password: 'ilovevc'. Yes, you are a super user and it's your machine now!
  * The desktop will contain an open browser to this Wiki for your reference.
  * Open Konsole by clicking on the icon that looks like an old CRT screen showing a greater than sign.
  * If you like to run all of CING's unit tests you can type in that terminal: {{{cing --test -v 0}}}. The results are in /tmp/cing. There is a link to that directory on your desktop. It should now contain all kind of files including images like: /tmp/cing/test_NTMoleculePlot.png.

= Batteries included =
  * Ubuntu 9.10 32 bit server with:
    * convert
    * ghostscript
    * ps2pdf
    * povray  
  * Python 2.6 with packages:
    * pymol
    * matplotlib    
    * cython
  * Optional plugins:
|| aqua  || molmol           || wattos  ||
|| ccpn  || procheck_nmr     || xplor   ||
|| dssp  || talos            ||         ||

= Excluded =
  * what if (work in progress)
  
= Notes =
 * Have a look at CING's wiki pages LinuxInstallationGuide and VirtualCingTheMakingOf to see the fun you missed ;-)
 